bpo-39080: Starred Expression's column offset fix when inside a CALL (#17645)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2019-12-17-21-45-36.bpo-39080.OrxEVS.rst

> Fix a Starred Expressions's end_col_offset, when it is inside a Call object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix the value of *end_col_offset* for Starred Expression AST nodes when they are among the elements in the *args* attribute of Call AST nodes.
```
